[Birds chirping]
What does that mean, "You want more"?
Am I not enough, or...?
You are. You know you are.
It's not what I meant.
[Footsteps]
So what did you mean, then?
Just... that it's time for a change.
So you don't believe in us, in this?
Just forget I said anything.
My timing's always been terrible, even my mom says so.
'Cause you were born in the back of a taxicab during a snowstorm.
[Birds chirping]
[Footsteps]
I have faith.
Let it be enough for both of us.
Let's go.
[Footsteps]
[Indistinct chatter]
Love you.
Love you, too.
[Footsteps]
[Birds chirping]
I ask you, what is more important, art or our planet?
[Gunfire]
Security! Security to mezzanine!
We are killing our planet!
We've got a defacement of progress!
The temperature of the Earth is increasing day by day!
Great day!
Put your hands in the air!
Oh, hey, hey, hey!
Turn around. Let me see your hands.
Let me see your hands.
Hey, stop!
Turn around.
Let me see your hands.
[Grunting]
Stop it, girl.
[Gunshot]
[Screaming]
[Gasps]
Donna!
Let's go!
[Gasps]
[Screaming]
[Music]
Hey, what happened to my thumb?
[Horn honks]
[Laughs]
Dad, don't do that.
You're gonna get him all riled up right before his nap.
A nap?
We haven't even been eating yet.
Stuart's getting the food right now.
Right away?
You and your sister used to love when I played this game.
Your mom would get so mad at me when I would play it just before bedtime.
He does the same to my kids right before bedtime.
Of course he does.
Yes, I'm gonna get his milk.
You know, Marina, your niece and nephew sure would like to get to know you better.
Yes, I know, Dad.
And I will make my way to Houston just as soon as I can.
Well, we decided if you all wouldn't come to Houston,
then Houston would come to New York.
Although why anyone would live in this city is beyond me.
The noise, the crazies, and the streets are dirtier than a herd of hogs.
Okay, time to eat.
Oh, sorry.
Okay, burritos are here.
Burritos.
Oh, and a turkey sandwich for Mr. Chase.
Well, let me pay for those.
Oh, no, I took care of it.
Marina, your sister and I did not drive three days so that you would have to pay for our meals.
You didn't have to drive, you know that, right?
There's a direct flight, Houston to New York, it's three hours.
Well, Daddy likes to drive so he can smoke.
I'm well aware.
You know, I'm just still impressed that you guys were able to find parking on the block.
Here, I insist.
Oh, okay.
Yeah, I'll get dinner.
There's a great Japanese place just opened up down the street.
I know the owners.
Sorry, you guys are going to have to go visit the Empire State Building without me.
There was a shooting at the Queens Museum, so I've got to get moving now.
Well, Marina, don't worry about us.
Daddy, why? Why do you insist on calling me Marina when you know my name is Nina?
Well, you were my Marina when you left.
Daddy!
All right, Marina, I got it.
Nina, you see, I can change.
It's very impressive.
Okay, we got this.
You sure?
It's going to be great. Come on.
Culture, sightseeing, I love you.
Sorry.
I love you.
I love you too, thank you.
Join us for dinner.
I will try.
[music]
I just got off the phone with Isabel.
The mayor himself reached out asking for our help finding these two shooters.
We need to reassure the public they can go to a museum and not end up covered in pig blood like some reenactment of Carrie.
What do we know so far?
All right, so we got Emma Culp, Trevor Allen, both 28, both from New York.
They're climate change activists who belong to a group called Global Climate Fund.
There are no strangers to public acts of defiance.
Are they the ones that disrupted the performance of enemy of the people?
Yes, they were also involved with the campus protests at Ridgewell College three weeks ago.
So maybe the assault is a reaction, a payback for the shooting.
A cell phone footage didn't catch them saying anything about retribution before the guard was shot.
Maybe they didn't mean to shoot him.
Yeah, they didn't take a weapon into the museum.
Trevor also didn't leave the gun behind.
Could be a sense of fatalism kicked in after the shooting like they have nothing left to lose.
We should be ready for anything with these two.
So they went into Corona Park. Any eyes on them since?
Uh, let's see.
No, all the cameras in the park are down due to a recent update. Everything's offline.
Their phones are off also.
Are these two together? Trevor and Emma?
Maybe. I went through Emma's social media.
She was at Pride in June. She stands for "Love is Love."
Clearly she's never been divorced. Love is expensive.
I mean, she might have a girlfriend too.
Hmm. I wonder if she's loyal to Trevor.
One might flip on the other.
Hannah, does this Global Climate Front have an office or anything?
Yes. I tracked their headquarters to Brooklyn, not far from Emma's apartment.
New Cycle's doing a hell of a job of boloing these two.
You and I will go to their headquarters. Nina Ray, check on Emma's digs.
They're on their way.
Hey, what's the latest with Barnes?
She says she's back next week for sure.
Okay. See you in the car.
Okay.
So I saw Emma leave this morning with that guy on the news.
Thought maybe he spent the night. They went for a breakfast.
Okay. Do we have a sense of the people in her life? Maybe who she's dating?
Everything's so fluid these days, right? Girls with girls, girls with guys, girls with girls and guys.
So that's a no.
Well, the Trevor guy's the only person I've seen around here on the regular.
Her fridge is full.
Yeah, these are two and she has a suitcase in there.
It doesn't look like she was going on the run that day.
Well, they're definitely improvising and don't have a plan.
Do we know what Emma did for employment?
Internships mostly. Her and Trevor have a spotty employment record.
Do you know if a trust fund pays the rent for this place?
So now get this. On the news, they say they're looking for an Emma Cope.
But her rent checks always come from a Jefferies Corp.
Jefferies Corporation.
Yeah.
All right, so there's a Jefferies family. They made most of the money in oil.
Emma's father, Alexander Cope Jefferies, died two years ago.
Okay, so her climate activist fugitive comes from oil money.
Maybe she's trying to repay some common debt, use her inheritance to raise awareness for climate change.
She goes by a different name to distance herself from her family. Wants to write her own history.
Possibly. Thank you.
Yeah, sure.
Trevor. Trevor! I really think we should turn in the gun.
Explain what happened. That it was just an accident.
Don't ever believe me, Adam. I'll go to jail for murder.
You didn't mean to.
I know that and you know that.
All right, look, if you want to go home, go now.
I'll head out on my own with this girl who's supposed to meet us to help get us out of the city.
Tori?
Yeah, yeah. Get in.
All right, that's her. We'll be fine.
Because if you come with me, you'll be in the fight of your life. Not just for me, but for all life.
Or you can go back to the life that your father gave you.
The one subsidized by the rape and murder of our planet.
I'm coming with you.
I mean, look, we want people to pay attention to global warming, to decrease the output of greenhouse gases so that our kids might have a chance at clean air
and a summer where the temperature isn't over a hundred fourteen days in a row.
But we do not believe in communicating our message with violence. It's in our charter.
Yeah, we'll be taking this laptop.
Have Trevor and Emma ever been violent in the past?
No, but Trevor has a temper. Emma's way more easygoing.
So she's following his lead here.
When was the last time you spoke to Emma or Trevor?
This morning, before all hell broke loose.
You planned for this chaos to deface the artwork with pig blood. Any other stunts we should know about? Norbert?
The vote next week to save the polar bears up in Alaska. We're considering a sit-in at the senator's house.
Just a sit-in?
Yes.
Do you think our fugitives are headed for D.C.?
I think they're acting recklessly. They're young, armed and dangerous. That's a lethal combination.
Well, I know it's not much, but this is where I grew up. Me and my main mom, and she rests in peace.
Sorry for your lost, Tori.
She'd been sick for years.
Everyone around these parts has been. I've had a thyroid problem my whole life.
What is it, this disgusting water?
It's gotta be. We're on the Marcellus Shale deposit. Oil companies have been fracking this area for years.
They should bleed us dry, get us sick and then leave. That's why I want to help you guys.
I really believe in what you're doing, and I really think you didn't mean to shoot that guard.
Thanks. I'm really glad you're on our team.
I believe in you too.
It's one of the companies that fractured your hand-stabbed gas and oil.
Um, yeah, how'd you know?
Someone in their tanker truck's go by.
See, there goes another one.
You know, I've been noticing them the past couple days, but I don't know where they're going because all the wells around here are closed.
So, what's the plan now?
I was thinking we'd stay here tonight, just lay low.
Yeah? Yeah, absolutely.
Are you guys hungry? I could rest something up.
Oh, that'd be great. Also, do you have a computer I can borrow?
Yeah.
Hey, I finally decoded the Global Climate Front's messaging system.
Norbert lied to us. He had been in contact with Emma and Trevor.
Just after the shooting, Trevor reached out to Norbert for help getting out of the city.
Norbert then found someone to pick them up named Carbon Queen.
She's offering sanctuary to our two fugitives. She says she'll pick them up wherever they want.
So, Norbert arranged for Trevor and Carbon Queen to meet outside the PATH station in Jersey City.
Yeah, I'm accessing the cameras now. What do you think, between one and two?
Yeah, sounds about right.
Alright.
There they are.
Got it.
You're getting into a green Subaru. Run that plate.
Okay, plates belong to a Tori Newell, 25. She lives in Clearville, Pennsylvania.
Put a bottle out and let's get up on our phone.
I'll have Norbert arrested for aiding and abetting.
Pack a small bag. We're going to Pennsylvania, my people.
Nice dress.
[Music]
I was up until three in the morning. Kind of 14 tankers go by.
When I looked up HENCEP gas and oil, I found this.
They're building a pipeline for liquid CO2.
I haven't seen any pipelines around here. What's it for?
It's called carbon capture. They take all the byproducts and drill it and they pump them into the ground.
Supposedly a good thing, but the reason it's taken so long is this stuff is totally dangerous and bad for the environment.
Is that what's in those trucks?
I don't know.
Well, where's the pipeline?
Don't know that either. But I know how we could find out.
[Music]
Hey. You okay?
No, it's my ankle. I think it's broken. We were riding bikes and I fell off.
Bikes? I don't see any.
Nice and easy.
I just want to take a ride in your truck.
Stop! Stop!
[Screams]
What are you doing? You were not supposed to shoot him.
I didn't have a choice.
Oh my God, I think he's dead.
We're all dying, Tori.
Hence that's been killing people with their poison for years.
You of all people should know that.
Come on! We gotta get out of here!
And go where? We don't even know where the pipeline is now.
He's got a GPS. We'll figure it out.
You coming?
I'll go if you will.
Come on.
Hey. I've got an aerial here of Tori Newell's farmhouse.
Looks like clear sightlines from any approach.
Yeah, except there on the south side. The topography may give us some cover.
Reach out to troupas for backup.
On it.
Okay, the farmhouse is on Marcellus Shale. Most of the property is.
That land's been fract within an inch of its life.
Which is probably why Tori was so keen to help Trevor and Emma.
They're on their way. Sorry, give me one minute.
Hey, Stuart. What's going on?
I give up. Like I surrender.
Oh boy, what's happening?
You're dad. Like he won't let me pay for anything.
He keeps trying to slip money into people's hands.
I don't get it. Like who does that?
Yeah, I mean that's just dad.
Yeah, well I mean more than that, he keeps smoking.
Like every 15 minutes we gotta stop so we can smoke.
It's New York City. There's no place to smoke anymore.
Can Tink help at all?
I mean she offered to take him to a matinee at the Lion King, but you know what?
She knows full well that they're gonna have to leave 10 minutes in,
'cause he's gotta go smoke.
Let me scout. When?
We're on our way.
Our climate activist just hijacked an oil tanker truck.
Driver's dead. Let's roll.
Hey, sorry, I gotta go.
You know what? Take dad to Central Park.
They have penguins and that will entertain him. He loves them.
Okay, I'll run up by Tink. I love you.
Love you too.
What's it say?
Tank capacity 6,000 gallons of carbon dioxide.
6,000? That's insane.
Yeah, contains gas under pressure, may explode if heated,
may displace oxygen and cause rapid suffocation.
But there's oxygen masks in the jockey box.
Where's that GPS say this rig was headed?
Something called a transfer station, whatever that is.
Emma, take a picture of that map.
We got cops on our tail. Oh, oh, my God.
Clear vehicle to the side.
They want us to pull over.
I know they do.
But we cannot run them in this heat. Let me think.
Clear vehicle over now.
Clear down.
[sirens wailing]
[screams]
[alarm rings]
[tires screech]
Tori, where are you?
I don't know. I don't even know.
Driver of the vehicle, stop the engine.
Tori, Tori, I need you.
Now exit the vehicle one at a time, nice and slow, hands in the air.
Tori, look at me. It has to be you.
None of us can go out there.
Okay, okay, okay. I'll go, I'll go, I'll go.
Don't shoot! Don't shoot!
Face down on the ground! Okay, okay, okay, okay.
Next passenger, exit the vehicle slowly with your hands...
They're running!
Stay down and don't move.
Tripple, what are we doing?
Is that an intermission to the world?
Freeze right there!
[gunshot]
[screams]
- Take your mask off! - What happened to Tori?
It's Leva!
[grunts]
[gunshots]
[screams]
NSTEP equips all its tanker trucks with a panic button.
It radios that location to the nearest dispatch.
Who was the truck carrying?
According to the company,
6,000 gallons of compressed carbon dioxide.
[radio chatter]
Where's this apple seat corner?
Right over there.
What's that?
Wild gas. That's for carbon dioxide.
[radio chatter]
[tires squealing]
What the hell?
- What's going on? - I don't know.
I'm pushing the accelerator, but I have no power.
It's the CO2.
It eliminates oxygen so the engine can't combust.
The same thing is happening to us.
[shouting]
[coughing]
Cover me!
[shouting]
We need to help these people!
Grab your masks!
Ray!
See if we can stop that steve!
[coughing]
[shouting]
Cover your mouth.
One second, one second.
Come, come this way.
[shouting]
Let's go, let's run!
[coughing]
Come, come, come, let's go.
Help! Please help us!
Please help us, please!
Hurry, please!
[coughing]
[shouting]
There's a guy over there, throw him in!
I need help!
Please help!
I can't get her to wake up!
Please hurry, hurry her!
She's not moving!
[crying]
Please!
[coughing]
Clouds dissipated.
We got no fatalities, which is a minor miracle.
What about the trooper that was shot?
He's gonna make it too. You good?
Yeah.
Look who we found hiding in the parking lot.
Toy? It was so scary.
Where are they going? I don't know.
Cover. Oh my god, you're arresting me?
Yeah, you helped out two fugitives.
You'll be helping yourself stay out of prison if you tell us where they're going.
Okay, it's just Trevor, it's not Emma, they're looking for the pipeline.
What pipeline?
And Steph has a CO2 pipeline around here.
I don't know, I don't know.
That's why Trevor wanted to kidnap the truck driver so that we could find out where he was going.
Two people matching Trevor and Emma's description just hijacked a raft for it from a white female.
Yeah, Walmart parking lot 12 miles away.
Check it out.
Sit on that curb and don't say a word, I'm not done with you.
Okay, she's not wrong.
Hen's step have just opened a CO2 pipeline that went online a week ago.
Then we need to get them to shut it down.
It could be Trevor and Emma's next target.
Where's their HQ?
It's north in El Tuna on Highway 220.
Text me the address and grill the hell out of her.
I don't know anything else, I swear.
Guess what, I don't believe a word that comes out of your mouth.
Call me if you hear anything from Ray or Nina.
Do you know how long it took us to get that thing up and running?
Seven years.
I'm not shutting it down now based on a hunch.
It's more than a hunch, we know our two fugitives are targeting your pipeline.
Where?
Don't know yet.
It's over 70 miles long, Agent Scott.
Except for the part over near Everett that's still under construction.
Is that what you're talking about?
It's just temporary until we finish.
We're really doing the residents here a favor with our carbon capture.
What are you getting some kind of tax break for all this?
Damn right.
It's called a 45Q, and after all the money we've invested,
I need this pipeline to be operational before the whole company goes under.
You know what happens if they blow that pipeline, right?
Lots of people will die.
My hands are really tied here.
Where are your priorities, man?
If you don't shut down the pipeline,
you're not going to get your hands on the pipeline.
You're going to get your hands on the pipeline.
Where are your priorities, man?
If you don't shut that pipeline down,
you think Exxon Valdez was bad?
Exxon survived significant challenges, and so will we.
Look, I'll get these photos over to our security team
and make sure everyone's aware of the threat.
I'm sorry,
but I'm not going to be intimidated by a bunch of pissant eco-terrorists.
Show me the map of the pipeline.
What?
I'm done playing with you.
Show me the map!
[music]
A white buffalo was born at Yellowstone.
White buffalo?
Yeah, it's a sign that the Earth is at a crossroads.
What is that?
Kind of dancing with wolves thing?
Tatanka, tatanka!
It's Lakota.
Jeez.
It's a sign that there's hope,
but that more must be done to protect the Earth.
Huh.
Well,
then I'd say that
this white buffalo's right on time.
Look at how much we've accomplished so far.
Two people are dead because of us.
And they've brought attention to us.
To our mission.
Over the news, everyone's talking about us.
Don't you see how great that is?
How else are we going to change the world?
Save the world.
You see it, right?
Violence is the answer.
Why else
was that baby white buffalo born today?
Right now.
If not a sign that we are on the right path.
Yeah, I guess so.
Emma?
Do you pledge allegiance to our planet?
To the destruction of companies
who will rape and murder her?
I do.
I do too.
Emma.
None of you are the world's attention.
Let's show them how dangerous
these pipelines really are.
How?
Remember what that warning on the truck visor said?
Danger.
If heated, might explode.
So we're going to heat up the pipeline?
And take a picture of the GPS
so we know where the transfer station is.
Everything else we need we have right here.
Anna, you hear anything?
Hey, we just got back.
Look, no cameras in the Walmart parking lot,
but a witness did see Emma and Trevor.
I got something from Tori though.
She said that Emma took a picture of the GPS
in the truck and it was heading to a transfer station
on the pipeline.
I checked it myself and there it was.
I've alerted the state police that that's where
Emma and Trevor are probably heading.
Maybe, but I'm more worried about the injection well.
How come?
It's where the pipeline terminates. All the CO2 in the line
gets injected underground into the old shale formations
for storage.
How much CO2 are we talking?
Hundreds of thousands of gallons, all under high pressure.
If they blow it there, it's just not the pipeline
that goes. It could be the whole damn county.
So what's the plan?
Let's put up. Bray, Hannah, take the transfer station.
Nina and I will take the injection well.
I'm ready people. Let's move.
Hey there.
Agent Hannah Gibson.
Officer Jackson.
Yeah, Agent Ray Cannon.
So what we got here?
What's going on around this room?
I haven't seen anything.
And you sent anyone out?
I'm controlling the area. I haven't seen anyone.
Okay, cool.
This is where that tanker was headed.
But the police.
Emma, you know, obviously this isn't gonna work.
Change of plans.
Let's see where this pipeline ends.
Why? It's gotta go underground somewhere
in this whole point of carbon capture.
It's a better target than this ever was.
Trevor, are you serious?
Grab a gas can. Let's go.
Trevor!
This will be our coup de grace.
This is why we put on this earth, Emma.
We'll go through the woods.
Once we're out of sight, we'll cross over.
What is this?
I don't know.
Well, are there even two ends to this stupid thing?
Emma, I didn't design it. I don't know.
Can we take a break?
These things are really heavy.
Yeah.
I gotta go to the bathroom.
Trevor, just pee right here.
I don't have to pee.
You okay, young lady?
Yeah. Sorry, I was just out for a hike
and I guess I got lost.
Are those yours?
What?
The gas cans.
Why are you here?
I'm here to see Trevor.
You're not alone.
Why are you here?
Wait.
You're her. The girl in the picture.
Stay right where you are.
Stop right there. Don't turn around. Go to the ground.
Gee, I'm holstered up by the injection well.
Radio 2.
Where does this pipeline end?
Back that way. Four miles.
Where does that one go?
None of your business.
You think I'm messing around?
Okay, please, please, okay. I have a son.
Then answer the question.
Which of these pipelines leads to the end?
This one.
Back at the injection well.
We'll take that one.
Grab the gas cans.
Go.
Start walking.
Get moving.
Let's go.
Chief, this is Smolin. FBI's here.
Copy.
Hey, Agent Chase, Agent Scott.
I'm all Smolin. Heard you were coming.
Did you see the injection well?
I thought it'd be bigger.
Is it operational?
Yes, ma'am. Went online two weeks ago.
How come the pressure valve says zero and I don't hear anything?
I don't know.
Management handles all that. I'm just security.
Can I call my boss? Why don't you do that, Miles?
Chief, this is Smolin.
FBI's down here asking about the pipeline.
If it's turned on.
Chief, do you copy?
That's weird. What?
Tried to reach him a few minutes ago, but he didn't answer then either.
Where is he?
Out patrolling the pipeline. Campbell's orders.
Talk to me, Ray.
Hey, look, Emma and Trevor were here at the transfer station.
We did a perimeter search and we found the Toyota.
Any idea which direction they went?
No. State police didn't see either of them.
All right, hang on a sec.
It's seven miles from the transfer station to the injection well.
Assuming that they're tracking the pipeline,
they should be somewhere in between.
On foot and armed?
We're leaving now. You should do the same.
We'll meet in the middle and box them in.
Copy that.
Come on. I'm taking your Jeep.
Is your boss's Jeep?
Yes, sir.
Anything?
No, nothing. You?
Where's this go?
I don't know.
What do you mean you don't know?
Look, I'm sorry I never come down here and I've never seen it before.
Only the chief patrols this area.
It's not on the map.
Radio the other state police and tell them to get the hell down here.
Unbelievable.
Are you pumping CO2 into this well?
I don't know.
I'm not sure.
You're fracking with CO2.
I don't know what the...
What are you talking about?
Usually they frack these wells with water and a bunch of chemicals.
But if they're using CO2 here,
it's gotta be way worse.
It's gotta be way worse.
Is that even legal?
I don't know anything about it.
Mr. Campbell told me to keep this place a secret.
Hell yeah he did.
There's no way they have a permit for this.
[music]
This is a gift, Emma.
This is what we're gonna set on fire.
No! We'll all die!
Baby...
We cannot do that.
What happens if it explodes?
Catastrophic.
Come on.
Alright.
Let's build this fire.
Trevor, I can't.
We got this, Emma.
Just keep the gun on him.
Shoot him if he tries anything.
That boy's crazy.
He gonna get us all killed.
He gonna get you killed.
Sorry.
Please.
[music]
Whatever happens,
this has been fun.
What?
[gunshot]
[screaming]
Release the hostage and surrender.
No, don't shoot me. Please don't shoot me.
Listen to him, Emma.
Ray Hanna.
Handle the fire.
What are you doing?
I'm not doing the same of you. This is an innocent man here.
Killing him is not going to save the planet.
At least his death will be linked to me.
To what I believe in.
That these pipelines, the drilling, the fracking
is causing our planet to burn up.
I'm just as worried about all this as you are, Emma.
Your generation has left a mess for mine.
Your driver's dead.
What else do I have to live for?
Even that little white buffalo?
The sign of a better time to come?
It died.
The Earth is doomed.
You really believe that?
You wouldn't be fighting so hard to save it?
Emma.
You can do a lot more alive than you can dead.
I know your family made its money in oil.
But you can carve out a different identity for yourself.
Yes, you can.
Away from your father, away from it all.
You can put an end to oil wells like this.
Violence isn't the answer. Just hand me the gun.
It's over.
Come on.
[crying]
You're under arrest for domestic terrorism
and accomplished a murder.
Let's go, Patty Hearst.
[crying]
What is this exactly?
Salmon sushi.
How do they go past?
It's delicious, Daddy. Try it.
You eat fish all the time.
Just try it. Here.
Come on.
I ordered that wagyu.
When is that going to get here?
Oh, not soon enough.
So it's too bad your boyfriend couldn't make it.
That silver spoon thinks he's too good for us, Tink.
No, he doesn't.
You barely even know him.
Oh, right.
He gave you that big black credit card
so you could pay for all of it.
Which was very kind of him.
So when are you all getting married?
Oh, we aren't.
Oh?
Yeah, we're happy with the way things are.
Oh.
Little Dougie's last name is going to be Chase Scola.
Mm-hmm.
It'll be a hard time getting that on the back of a football jersey, huh?
Maybe it won't go on the back of a football jersey.
What?
I don't know.
Who knows what Dougie's going to want to do, Dad?
I don't want him to get a TBI.
Or do anything like the way that I grew up.
What exactly was wrong with the way you grew up, Marina?
Nina, please, Daddy.
Everything.
Everything was wrong with the way I grew up.
I couldn't get away from home fast enough.
I gave you a good life.
Keep telling yourself that.
Keep telling yourself it was a great life, Dad.
Well, I want a different life for my son,
and I am damned to die.
I'm going to die.
Come on, Tink.
I said come on, Tink!
I'm so sorry.
You know, this is
just all going to blow over.
Yeah, I'm okay
if it doesn't.
[music]